Welcome, [Company] Leadership Team. Let's start on the introduction slide. I will share three stories of fictional people who left their organizations for genuine reasons. I will also provide a few actions their organization could have taken to retain them. That is to demonstrate why employee turnover is an important metric. Then, I will discuss how we can analyze employee turnover at WOW to maintain a desirable turnover rate.

Starting with Mark. One Sunday in March 2020, Mark's manager called to inform him that the office building was closing due to Covid-19. His role was transitioning to full-time remote. Mark Acclimated. He dedicated space in his home. He purchased equipment with his own money. He found benefits, too. He got to eat lunch with his children every day. He spent the extra hour he saved on commuting with his family. When his company mandated everyone returns to office. Mark and his wife discussed the factors on slide three. He resigned instead of returning to office.

Slide four lists a few options Mark's company could have taken. They could have allowed Mark to continue to work remotely or compromise. Let him work from home for a few days or around his family's schedule. Florentine 2021 supports this.

Moving on to Claudia. She cares about the environment and is conscious that we only have one planet with finite resources. Last Saturday, Claudia went thrift shopping with her friends. She likes to buy what she can second-hand and locally to reduce the carbon emissions from shipping and keep items that still have use out of landfills.

Next is Claudia. Claudia is environmentally cautious. She shops locally and second-hand. She grows her own produce and cans what she cannot eat immediately. One day, she tried to look into her company's environmental impact and came up empty-handed. She did find other companies that do publish their environmental impact. She considered the factors listed on slide 5 and decided to apply for positions within companies that publicly share her values.

Slide 6 lists what Claudia's company could have done to retain her, according to Garsaa. They should have made their values available on something like a company SharePoint site and specifically published an ESG.

Last, we have Amanda. Last Cyber Monday, Amanda went to work at a distribution center. Her Workload was overwhelming. She got highly discouraged, making mistake after mistake and missing minor details. By Thursday, she was burnt out and went out to have drinks with her friends. She talked about the things listed on slide seven. With encouragement from her friends and the realization that there are plenty of job opportunities, she never returned to that job.

On slide eight, I've listed two types of robotics her company could consider implementing. According to Pasparakis, both increase job satisfaction and help people do their jobs better.

Now we understand that employee turnover can be a problem and a solvable one. I propose an analysis on employee turnover here at WOW. To do that, I need one of you to be my project sponsor. Someone who will support the prioritization of this project and help allocate resources.

Flipping to slide 10, I've briefly outlined the steps to this project and the goals of each step. The first step is all about seeing where we are. The second is geared toward seeing what will happen.

Looking at slides eleven and twelve, I have examples of visualizations you could expect to see on the final dashboard for the employee turn analysis. The Monitoring Example depicts a bar graph showing how the Amazon employee turnover rate compares to the US national average rate. The predictive analytics example shows what a prediction for positions that need to be filled might look like.

To summarize, Mark, Claudia, and Amanda represent valuable workforce members. Their expectations for the workplace have evolved. We can take steps to prevent good employees from leaving. We need to analyze employee turnover in our organization. I need one of you to support this effort so I can begin this work.

In conclusion, we will act when we understand what is happening with our employee turnover. We can meet our employees' expectations. We can maintain the desired employee turnover rate.

**Work Cited**

Florentine, S., & Pratt, M. K. (2021). Employee turnover: 9 reasons good employees leave. _CIO_. <https://www.cio.com/>

Garsaa, A., & Paulet, E. (2022). ESG disclosure and employee turnover. new evidence from listed European companies. _Relations Industrielles_, _77_(4), 1–22. <https://doi.org/10.7202/1097695ar>

Olsen, C. (2016). Predictive analytics show potential for employee retention and recruitment: Predictive analytics show potential for employee retention and recruitment. _Employee Benefit Adviser (Online)_. <https://www.benefitnews.com/news/predictive-analytics-show-potential-for-employee-retention-and-recruitment>

Pasparakis, A., De Vries, J., & De Koster, R. (2023). Assessing the impact of human–robot collaborative order picking systems on warehouse workers. _International Journal of Production Research_, _61_(22), 7776–7790. <https://doi.org/10.1080/00207543.2023.2183343>
